---
layout: post
title: "main"
author: "Jonas"
tags: nutrition
order: 2
---

Lunch is the time for fueling the body with everything it needs. Ideally I've been super productive in the morning, so now is the time to refill the energy storage and rest. 

I love to take a two hour lunch break in which I can detach from work. Helps me with creativity, energy and happiness in general, since I can spend the time with friends, reading or simply enjoying my food.


# Veggies, Lentils, etc.

## Goal
- Easy to batch-cook -- *I bring food to work, so I want to easily prepare it*
- Nutrient rich
- No after-meal crash -- *productivity should continue after lunch, not end there*
- Tasty

## Recipe

### Prerequisites

- **Olive Oil Base**  
Here's the [recipe](/hidden_posts/food/2023-12-13-BaseSaunce.html)
- **Steamed veggies**  
I usually steam veggies for two days *(to make sure it's nice and fresh)*

### Ingredients
- 65g base sauce
- 70g (raw) / 185g (cooked) lentils  
- steamed veggies
    - 200g broccoli
    - 100g sweet potato
    - 50g cauliflower
    - 50g mushrooms 
- 2 Tbsp (30g) of peeled hemp seeds
- 1 Tbsp (10g) of pumpkin seeds

## Nutritional values

- ~1000 kcal
- ~42g of protein

For more nutritional info info see [here](/hidden_posts/food/2023-01-04-LunchMacros.html).


### Credit

Full credit goes to Bryan Johnson for making his routine and meals publicly available. He's spending a ton of time and money optimising his life, and having his insights freely available is extremely valuable. It served me as a basis for many things I incorporated into my life. In this case, the basic ingredients come from him, but I adapted it so that I can easily prepare it for the week - while tasting great!


